##Introduction
This post is a section of a proof from the upcoming paper Definability of Truth by Paul Christiano et al.
Readers should already be familiar with sections one and two of the paper.
When reading this proof, take careful note of the difference between outer $\mathbb{P}$ which is part of the metalanguage (ZFC) and inner $P$ which is a member of the language $L'$.

##Conditions of theorem
Take any language $L$. Let $T$ be a consistent theory over $L$ which extends the rationals with addition. Extend $L$ by a function symbol $P$ to get $L'$.

#Claim:
There exists a Gaifman coherent $\mathbb{P}$ over $L'$ which both assigns probability 1 to all sentences that are true in T (the axioms and theorems of $T$) and also satisfies the reflection principle:

$$\forall \varphi \in L' \;\forall a, b \in \mathbb{Q}:\left(a < \mathbb{P}(\varphi) < b\right)\implies\mathbb{P}(a < \mathbb{P}(\varphi) < b) = 1.$$

##Proof (part 1):
Let $\mathcal{A}$ be the set of coherent probability distributions over $L'$ which assign probability 1 to all sentences in $T$. We can see $\mathcal{A}$ as a subset of $[0, 1]^{L'}$ with the product topology.

Each dimension corresponds to a sentence.
Each point corresponds to a $\mathbb{P}$. Each of these points is infinite dimensional, for example, one such point is (0, 0, 0, ...).
The point (0, 0, 0, ...) assigns probability 0 to all sentences. (0, 0, 0, ...) is not coherent because it does not assign 1 to things which are true.
The Gaifman conditions force $\mathbb{P}(\varphi)$ and $\mathbb{P}(\not \varphi)$ to sum to 1. Thus (1, 1, 1, ...) also cannot be coherent. We can easily 
Because $T$ is consistent we can exhibit elements in A (coherent $\mathbb{P}$s).
Let $T*$ be a completion of $T$.
Every sentence is either true or false in $T*$.
Let $\mathbb{P}(\varphi) = 1$ for all $\varphi$ in $T*$ and $\mathbb{P}(\varphi) = 0$ otherwise.
Thus we have shown that $\mathcal{A}$ is non-empty. Specifically, there is an element for each completion of $T$. However, note that there may be other elements that don't correspoind to completions of $T$

The following two facts we treat as black boxes. These are very important for the proof but unpacking them is out of the scope of this work:
By using the Gaifman conditions, we can see that $\mathcal{A}$ is a closed subset of $[0, 1]^{L'}$.

By (Tychonoff's)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tychonoff%27s_theorem] theorem, we conclude that $\mathcal{A}$ is compact.
